So we're talking about, like, 14D.
(***)
I am Okay, I know someone who took her.
And she said that she feels like her teaching style just isn't effective for her.
But Sarah.
oh
Oh, she's taking it right now. Oh, right, right, right.
Yeah, and then I didn't have her, but in my lab in spring quarter.
My professor was hospitalized during time.
my professor was hospitalization that time
Oh, she adds a substitute chord to the rest of the chord.
So she gave us one lecture and I got nothing.
yeah
like the way she ,she was very i like i walked out of that lecture
and I just thought, was she so overstimulating to listen to?
she very fast, she kind of
ahh
I don't know. She's very, like, fidgety. And so when you're watching someone...
Talk like that, like, yeah. And she kinda like...
its not (***) too much (***)
but she'll like make like double stompies and then just keep going
yeah its like, It's a little hard to focus.
yeah fam
Fam like I've heard universally is like pretty good.
Ahhh. I know dr. O sometimes teaches it again
Yeah.
Mm mm
(***) huuu i
no no i (***) time
Yeah, yeah
I heard that he was like, drunk yeah
Oh, they do (***)
No, like you're selling a phone
Yeah
yeah  they require yeah and i just have
Yeah, I mean some they make you go anyways
Like location.
I know! yeah
yeah
Yeah, I don't know why. yeah
That's crazy.
I was gonna say
Anjali's memorization thing. Yeah.
On the first day of class, Dr. Oh said to us, he was like,
A lot of people say OCamp is memorization.
but I don't think it's memorization, it's pattern recognition.
And I think that makes more sense because I don't memorize reactions, you know?
I look at it and I'm like, oh, this could happen, this could happen.
You know?
I mean, yeah, but it's not so much like...
flashcards like memorized
yeah it's not like  you just know like oh
It's not like memorizing charts. Yeah.
yeah like this attacks this (***) rectangle (***)
(***) The aero pushing.
i mean that aero pushing (***)
Yeah
Yeah.
Oh, yeah
Yeah, I'm very bad at remembering reactants.
hu hukmmmm
Yeah
Already.
Oh yeah
yeah
It's just my main concentration. yeah
hahaaa There's one
yeah compitation
Yeah its like (***) so
(***)